listen so we previously made a video on
the Fast & Furious series and we said
we're gonna be making a part - that was
gonna cover how the F's went from
standing for family to them all fighting
that's that in part one a lot of people
really really really like to arrange a
bit and totally didn't miss the point of
the ADR line so unbeknownst to me Ray J
himself picked up the phone and called I
don't know who but eventually a rep did
hit us up about ray cons and sent me a
discount code for you guys as they
proudly sponsored this video right here
a video detailing the most furious
aspects of the fast franchise where the
only thing crazier than the fights on
screen are the fights behind it we do
this body's not even cold um your
family's already replacing them let me
explain now besides having to be bald
and furious to lead a fast installments
sorry or lacquer there also has to be an
entire rollout from Universal this may
have started as a street movie but now
it's a money-making machine up there
with Star Wars and Marvel the series may
focus on family but they also want to
focus in on your family visiting the all
youth fast and furious ride at Universal
they want you to go to the live fast and
furious events which you know I'm
actually I'm actually kind of mad I'm is
because it's like medieval times for
cars but out of all the stunts the
series has pulled from leaping through
buildings driving out of the sky
bringing back that debt the biggest
sleep has been going from that street
car movie starring a couple of Bros to
the Dwayne the rock Johnson extravaganza
but when it comes to business and when
it comes to executing it's up against
this
and I gotta go that way and I don't give
a [ __ ] who is in front of me they're not
gonna stop me
what's crazy is that at one point the
character of Hobbes wasn't even meant to
be a character like this he was he was
gonna be portrayed by Tommy Lee Jones
before someone on Facebook suggested the
rock being in the movie so that he could
like punch Wendy's on the face no lie
the rock even think that fan on Facebook
well not bad having you work for me and
even though the first installments
together seem fine and they literally
they were best buds it's been pretty
well documented that the rock and Vin
Diesel have not seen eye to eye on where
the franchise is supposed to go you
telling me there can't be a double alpha
one group personally I kind of see both
points obviously this is Vin Diesel's
baby who he did abandon it for a little
bit but then he came back and created a
legacy out of it I'll legacy that will
and has outlived this on-screen familia
that said we're not gonna lie an ad like
The Rock didn't breathe in life to the
series with Fast Five literally calling
himself franchise viagra on Saturday
Night Live
can you smell what Stephen Hawking is
cooking could they have stopped it at
7:00 with it being a beautiful send-off
and tribute to Paul yeah
but the script 2f8 wrote itself as these
two started fighting off screen and I
think someone that got caught on camera
[Music]
so as the bigger the series got the more
people wanted to be a part of it the
more ideas that there were the more
clashing that there was to the point
that producers who were there from the
beginning we're getting cut like Steve
Jobs the rock was pettier than a soccer
mom on Instagram thinking everyone on
Sat except Vin Diesel diesel then subs
Dwayne by calling himself daddy and
Johnson a junior who followed the leader
and that's when if you pay close
attention to it both people want you
start to see the farthest philosophies
possible the rock clearly wants to make
the biggest franchise as possible even
giving sermons about it
I want Will Smith's career but and I
said and I mean this respectfully
because I know he's here at this agency
with us
I want to do it bigger and better then
on the other hand then legitimately
believes the Fast and Furious should win
an Oscar
there was no number attached to these
movies it would be contenders for Best
Picture
it may seem funny at first but he legit
hypes up the cast and crew for awards
season you know he goes about actually
hiring more Oscar winners
he believes the dramas in there he knows
his action set-pieces are award worthy
and considering how he views his Riddick
franchise one that he owns and he sees
as being very Shakespearean considering
he's been in Oscar films he started in
them he's looking at how hard he's
worked and knows that it's at the level
of those filmmakers who are winning
awards meanwhile
[Music]
can mascar movies also have their own
theme park rides that's up for you and
James Cameron since he did it to decide
should the series again like I said
ended at 7 as it was a good perfect
send-off for Paul
perhaps but maybe the rock is right
that's why he's seen so much success
when you think about it they do have a
pretty big universe now you got
characters like Sookie who are still
alive and can make a comeback Minka
Kelly was featured in one of the shorts
with Paul Walker and she's still alive
even older characters are coming back
for more installments and when you
really look at it the idea for spin-offs
is they're considering these two are
presented by The Fast and Furious
kind of like those never-ending
expanding Star Wars stories and that's
what brings us to the official first
detour of the series or what some would
call the wrong turn when Vin got angry
the rock got bigger and Jason Statham
was like you're really gonna turn me
into the good guy
after I almost blow up a baby so it's an
anime at points I thought I was watching
test footage for the live-action Akira
the rock would get whooped by Kirby just
for him to pick her up at the end like a
paperweight he goes full superhero
pulling copters like Steve wielding a
shield to defeat a super soldier and
then they have him fighting like it's
the rundown Brava
where's all our guns I can't read of
them very noble misses ups boy was
worried he wasn't gonna get a sequel it
was cool to see idris play a bad guy who
can outrun bullets just can't fire them
but it's a Kirby who was previously an
mi6 fallout has a fallout with the mi6
if she gets transported by her brother
Jason away from black Superman brought
Superman yeah it was an improvisation
that just got stuck in the movie and
it's kind of interesting because they
single do that single two-hour and I'm
like I wasn't actually written that said
I don't know why they put this ugly
watching Mad Max on a shattered iPhone 6
filter cuz it was dirty I wanted to take
a Clorox of the projector by the end of
it the movie was a rented for me you
know the whole premise of the film is to
have Hobbs and Shaw agree to work with
each other to take away the series from
and diesel depending on who you're
asking the rack starts bringing in his
own familiar into the series like it's
parasite even the director who did
Deadpool previously brings in Ryan for
like 47 after credits scenes Dwayne RiRi
recasts a girl from the game plan cliff
Curtis gets to add another ethnicity to
cross out of his bucket list with this
role but I can't really say that it
holds up to the rest of the series in my
opinion I know the director wanted this
take of the series to be more fun
forward then I guess the other
installments were but this just feels
like a completely different series to me
I'm not saying that FAA and Furious 7
weren't already like a CGI clip away
from being a Michael Bay flick but I
legit thought I was watching a cartoon
at points and it sucks cuz I really do
like the stunt work in it a lot of the
talent involved I think are very
talented I just wish I could see them at
the end of the day though most people
see the series as a money machine that's
never gonna run out of gas
maybe diesel but one that clearly has no
end in sight if you're a fan of them
then you're in luck if you're not then
hopefully the behind the scenes was more
entertaining for you by the end of it
they realize that it's all about family
as they go visit their moms they realize
that family will fight sometimes but
it's all about working through it
together and that if you want to defeat
evil idris elba
the only way to do it is by making fun
of the fact that he was in cats we're
doing this big fight scene I'm walking
in looking over vard never like here
just what you doing next
[Applause]
cats thank you guys for checking out
this video and a big thank you to Ray J
himself and for the Ray cons for
sponsoring this video right here we've
used a lot of headphones in the past
when it comes to you know listening and
editing so I can attest to these being
better than a lot of other premium
headphones we should money on especially
when these are half the price we use
them to edit this entire video right
here it's pretty flawless we add them in
four more hours and Ray J no problem
super comfortable my voice sounded
crisper than it usually does and I love
getting up and not getting strangled by
the noose that is wired headphones they
were also really cool and since it's the
newest model to test out you know they
told us to mention the obvious six hours
of playtime seamless bluetooth pairing
improvement in phase funk all the ways
I'm gonna be honest with you the thing I
really want to talk about is this case
no I've been caressing this thing longer
than I've been using the headphones just
because of how soft the material is I
don't know how to explain it
like it's smoother than Dwayne the rock
Johnson squeaky bald head every person
who I've let borrow these notices at to
so you know if you don't need new
headphones and you need a new fidget
spinner these are LME approved they have
a cool little design when you open them
you could take all skip songs case even
charges them three times over and I
really do dig the philosophy behind the
company so if you need new wireless
earbuds if you need something to caress
but you just want to check them out
since they were cool enough to sponsor
these videos as you know your boy gets
to monetize left and right check out the
link in the description below that'll
help you get 15% off your order
literally making them some of the best
Wireless buds you can get other than
that thank you guys for watching this
video it's crazy to think that with this
series it's pretty much like its own
genre now like with superhero films
people want to grow up in direct to
certain genre superhero film people kids
are gonna grow up to want indirect the
Fast & Furious movie and it's only a
matter of time so you know Universal NBC
has their own streaming series there I
got a rollercoaster ride they got a lot
going with this and maybe one day Vin
Diesel get his Oscar but other than
application are your thoughts on this
series other things that I may have
missed your favorite characters
installments moments all of that and
anything else down below and until next
time don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and you too can get your own
fast and furious spin off